welcome to creatine today I'm going to
make kimchi the ingredients we need are
our needed to napa cabbage purchase sort
the HOV sauce or either you can use fish
sauce in green onions
reddish onion ginger colleague sort with
the pepper flakes sugar and water in a
prepare and am home
first we'll trim the lip half cut it in
by size we press on the top
kisses then you trimmed all the hull
edges right here
then you're going to cut this end up
high sighs this is the not too hard to
make kimchi very easy first I'm not
cutting in by size in good and then pray
the pit for now I cut two napa cabbage
and by size to the by side and I'm gonna
mix tank of water and one cup of salt I
use a kosher salt and then mix well
aptitudes over all the salt you put salt
water in the napa cabbage then you're
going to soak in the left eye in the
salt water for couple hours I think my
sword is ready is the ordinate each of
the all sort even you don't deserve all
the way it's okay
so just pull over over the napa cabbage
can i scope this for couple hours but
while you wedding after hours you can
mix around maybe a couple times but i
you just point when you can you just
without switches the m mix - why the
NOFA is the soaking in the water I'm
going to make the sauce first I will
need our green onions maybe 8 pieces and
then I will need a pair just maybe half
size if you to power or you don't have
to use both but if use your powder a pot
you can use a less sugar well I will use
a little bit of pepper flavor it's good
then I will know the help of onions and
then this is a whole Cali already peeled
it this is your colleague I'm going to
let our user half size ready
you can use any kind of reddish from
local close to this I got this from
Korean store and now our pick the skin
of dog hair I'm going to use mixer you
can use any chopper with the skin off
take off all the Seas effort on your
skin either so options on skin are from
Apple heck of it sees too
then I will take a small pie says the
dog blender impure and then onion
then Cali now I'm going to SL and to be
saucy in the blender then plant them
well you can use fish sauce - but I like
you to enter Vsauce then plant them well
now our sauce is a blend well freedom
for and then I'm a slice some reddish
you can sliced in half this place all
the reddish you can even fit in I cut
the old already seen Julia sighs and you
put the sender sauce
then I'm going to slice some green
onions
you cut Christ put in onions in English
sighs now I cut all the green onions put
it in the sauce mixture yeah we're going
to add some sugar and then let the
pepper flex then you mix well I'm going
to mix this really well and then I'm
going to put it in the side until my
epic trip is ready to make kimchi now if
it is ready already instead our three
times in cold water ready to make kimchi
I'm going to use point aware cloth
this will be little messy remember we
already made a sauce they dumped all the
cabbage in of p4 mix them well
smells really good if you like to leave
a salty food you can always save some
extra salt then after I mix them ones I
like to add some sesame seeds
now kimchi is ready you can print the
container fan room temperature overnight
or pre in the refrigerator take for
watching Korean cuisine then please
subscribe to my page see you next time